[System]
platform: Windows-7-6.1.7601-SP1
version: jckarter/clay@21c64c4eec465da26b25b80808b54e7bb7786fcb (2012-08-19 09:15:24 -0700)
repository: https://github.com/jckarter/clay

[SystemUname]
system: Windows
machine: x86
version: 6.1.7601
release: 7
processor: x86 Family 6 Model 45 Stepping 6, GenuineIntel

[TargetPlatform]
platform: windows
cpu: x86
bits: 32

[Tests]
algorithms: ok
algorithms\count: ok
algorithms\permutations: ok
algorithms\sorting: ok
algorithms\strings: ok
any: ok
arrays: ok
arrays\indexing\1: ok
atomic\primitives: ok
bindings\ref\1: ok
bindings\variadic: ok
byteorder: ok
callbyname\arg: ok
callbyname\fileLineColumn: ok
characters\1: ok
claydoc: ok
codepointers\1: ok
codepointers\2: ok
codepointers\3: ok
codepointers\30: ok
codepointers\31: ok
codepointers\32: ok
commandline\1: ok
commandline\dispatch: ok
commandline\options: ok
comparators: ok
computedrecords\1: ok
computedrecords\2: ok
computedrecords\custompredicate: ok
computedrecords\customproperty: ok
coordinates: ok
core\errors\staticassert\neg: ok
core\errors\staticassert\pos: ok
crypto\digest\md5: exit code 3
crypto\digest\sha2: exit code 3
defaultarguments: ok
deques: ok
deques\memory: ok
destructors: ok
dispatch: ok
enums\predicates: ok
eval\expr: ok
eval\statements: ok
evaluator\1: ok
exceptions\1: ok
exceptions\2: ok
exceptions\3: ok
exceptions\arrays: ok
exceptions\catch: ok
exceptions\custom: ok
exceptions\finally: ok
exceptions\finally\goto: ok
exceptions\lambdas: ok
exceptions\onerror: ok
exceptions\vectors: ok
externals: ok
externals\abi\common: ok
externals\ccast: ok
externals\makeexternalcodepointer: ok
externals\recursiveccodepointer: ok
externals\recursivecodepointer: ok
fileio\27: ok
fileio\28: ok
fileio\29: ok
flags: ok
floats: ok
floats\literals: ok
floats\parts: ok
getoverload: ok
globalalias\1: ok
globalalias\predicates\1: ok
globalalias\predicates\2: ok
globalvariables\ctorsdtors: ok
globalvariables\predicates\1: ok
globalvariables\predicates\2: ok
hash\scalars: ok
hash\variants: ok
hashmaps: ok
hashmaps\rvalueiteration: ok
hashmaps\valueinitialization: ok
interfaces: ok
interfaces\constructors\1: ok
interfaces\constructors\2: ok
interfaces\constructors\3: ok
interfaces\outputmismatch\1: ok
interfaces\outputmismatch\2: ok
io\directories: ok
io\files\raw: ok
io\paths: ok
io\sockets\addresses: ok
io\sockets\connections: ok
io\sockets\reading: ok
io\sockets\valuesemantics: ok
io\streams\ascollections: ok
io\streams\buffered: ok
io\streams\bytevector: ok
io\streams\memory: ok
io\temp: ok
keywordarguments: ok
lambdas\alias\1: disabled
lambdas\alias\2: disabled
lambdas\alias\3: disabled
lambdas\argsyntax: ok
lambdas\basic: ok
lambdas\calldefined: ok
lambdas\calloutputtypes: ok
lambdas\callsugar: ok
lambdas\dynamic: ok
lambdas\dynamic\makelambda: ok
lambdas\mono: ok
lambdas\monoinputtypes: ok
lambdas\papply: ok
lambdas\stateless: ok
lambdas\vararg: ok
libc\setjmplongjmp: ok
llvm\1: ok
llvm\2: ok
llvm\3: ok
llvm\4: ok
llvm\intrinsics\sse\1: ok
math\complex: ok
math\libm: ok
math\native: ok
memory\allocateArray: ok
memory\copy: ok
memory\zeroObject: ok
modules\attributes\literaltypes: ok
modules\imports\aliasqualified: ok
modules\imports\ambiguous1: ok
modules\imports\ambiguous2: ok
modules\imports\ambiguous3: ok
modules\imports\ambiguous4: ok
modules\imports\ambiguous5: ok
modules\imports\collision1: ok
modules\imports\collision2: ok
modules\imports\disambiguated1: ok
modules\imports\disambiguated2: ok
modules\imports\disambiguated3: ok
modules\imports\issue266: ok
modules\imports\suggest: ok
modules\introspection: ok
modules\name: ok
monads: ok
multivalues\assignmismatch\1: ok
multivalues\assignmismatch\2: ok
multivalues\assignmismatch\3: ok
multivalues\assignmismatch\4: ok
multivalues\assignmismatch\5: ok
multivalues\binding: ok
multivalues\bindingmismatch\1: ok
multivalues\bindingmismatch\2: ok
multivalues\bindingmismatch\3: ok
multivalues\bindingmismatch\4: ok
multivalues\bindingmismatch\5: ok
numbers: ok
numbers\conversion: ok
numbers\literals\toolarge: ok
numbers\literals\toolarge2: ok
numbers\octal: ok
numbers\overflow: ok
numbers\parser\1: ok
numbers\parser\2: ok
numbers\parser\3: ok
numbers\parser\4: ok
numbers\quotient: ok
operators\bitwise: ok
operators\comparison: ok
operators\custom: ok
operators\custom2: ok
operators\extendedassignment: ok
operators\extendedassignment\butnottooextended1: ok
operators\extendedassignment\butnottooextended2: ok
operators\extendedassignment2: ok
operators\pod: ok
operators\pod\initializers: ok
operators\precedence: ok
operators\proxyassignment: ok
overloads\patterncallable: ok
overloads\withinterface: ok
paged\35: ok
paged\36: ok
paged\37: ok
paged\38: ok
parsing: ok
parsing\calculator: ok
parsing\combinators\generic: ok
parsing\combinators\strings: ok
patterns: ok
patterns\arguments: ok
permissive: ok
platform: ok
pointers\indexing\1: ok
printing\1: ok
printing\formatting: ok
printing\hideioerror: ok
printing\nan: ok
printing\observe: ok
printing\repr: ok
privateimports: ok
queues: ok
random: ok
records\initialization: ok
records\predicates: ok
referencetypes: ok
remote\marshaling: ok
remote\messages\simple: ok
returntypes\analyzer: ok
returntypes\implicit: ok
returntypes\spec: ok
sequences\1: ok
sequences\2: ok
sequences\3: ok
sequences\4: ok
sequences\5: ok
sequences\6: ok
sequences\7: ok
sequences\arrayassignment: ok
sequences\arrayinitialization: ok
sequences\buffervector: ok
sequences\concatenation: ok
sequences\force: ok
sequences\group: ok
sequences\maybe: ok
sequences\multivalued: ok
sequences\operators: ok
sequences\overloadpriority: ok
sequences\predicates: ok
sequences\ranges: ok
sequences\staticsized: ok
sequences\strict: ok
shootout\insertionsort1: ok
shootout\insertionsort2: ok
shootout\mean: ok
shootout\quicksort1: ok
shootout\quicksort2: ok
simd: ok
simd\invalidtypes: ok
simd\optimizationbug1: ok
statementexpressions\if\1: ok
statementexpressions\if\2: ok
statementexpressions\switch\1: ok
statementexpressions\while\1: ok
statementexpressions\while\2: ok
staticname: ok
stringliterals: ok
stringliterals\strl: ok
strings: ok
strings\encodings\utf8: ok
strings\triplequoting: ok
test\1: ok
test\repr: ok
time: ok
tuples\1: ok
tuples\emptytuple: ok
tuples\single\1: ok
tuples\single\2: disabled
tuples\staticindexing: ok
tuples\types: ok
twohash: ok
types\valueSize: ok
uncategorized\1: ok
uncategorized\10: ok
uncategorized\11: ok
uncategorized\12: ok
uncategorized\13: ok
uncategorized\14: ok
uncategorized\15: ok
uncategorized\16: ok
uncategorized\17: ok
uncategorized\18: ok
uncategorized\19: ok
uncategorized\2: ok
uncategorized\20: ok
uncategorized\21: ok
uncategorized\22: ok
uncategorized\24: ok
uncategorized\3: ok
uncategorized\33: ok
uncategorized\34: ok
uncategorized\39: ok
uncategorized\4: ok
uncategorized\40: ok
uncategorized\41: ok
uncategorized\42: ok
uncategorized\44: ok
uncategorized\45: ok
uncategorized\46: ok
uncategorized\5: ok
uncategorized\6: ok
uncategorized\8: ok
uncategorized\9: ok
uncategorized\ifexpr: ok
uncategorized\memory: ok
uncategorized\namedunions: ok
uncategorized\staticfor_forwarded: ok
uncategorized\switch: ok
uncategorized\switch\multivalue: ok
uncategorized\switch\strings: ok
uncategorized\throwingbranches: ok
unions: ok
uniquepointers: ok
uniquepointers\uniquevalues: ok
values\1: ok
valuesemantics: ok
variants\1: ok
variants\2: ok
variants\3: ok
variants\4: ok
variants\5: ok
variants\dispatch\callbyname: ok
variants\empty: ok
variants\equality: ok
variants\initialization: ok
variants\match: ok
variants\maybe: ok
variants\nested: ok
variants\predicates: ok
variants\recursive\1: ok
variants\recursive\2: ok
variants\subgraphassignment: ok
variants\variantref: ok

[Failed]
crypto\digest\md5: exit code 3
crypto\digest\sha2: exit code 3

[Summary]
Passed: 315
Disabled: 4
Failed: 2

# Test log written to testlog.txt

time-taken-seconds: 87312.196000
